Fashion is a way to seek attention to yourself because you feel lost in this world otherwise.
Shedding more clothes is a sign and sense of freedom for women. Wearing more clothes is a sign and sense of prosperity for men.
The fragment has duration; it is limited in time and space. The whole is unlimited and timeless. 
Secret is the door through which evil comes in. 
Truth never changes with time. Everything else is transitory.
Nothing is more precious in life than life itself. 
An open mind would never judge I think. It holds no standard to compare "what is" with "what should be".
Facts don’t argue. Opinions about facts do.
Hunger craves food. The mind craves appreciation. 
Life is all that lives and moves. When you love life you can’t kill, you can’t hate, you can’t hurt. Who among us is capable of that?
Our thoughts and actions outlive us. It is on us what we leave behind.
Why do kids study, land a job, marry and raise kids that go through the same all over again?
Belief dictates behaviour, so it is important what we believe to be true.
Why do we disrespect people when we like to be respected every single time?
We think we are sensitive when someone says something to hurt us. Strangely, we feel superior when we hurt others by our tongue lash!
It is hard to watch the world (family included) without reacting to it. To react is to resist the flow of life.
Why do we pretend to be wise when we are old, even though we were rash when young?
If you want to be rid of painful memories, then you must give up cherishing pleasant memories. 
Time does not heal. Healing comes when you have completely understood hurt.
Wisdom does not come with age. It comes when one is free of one's prejudices.
Why do we want to have something that others have?
To be on top of the situation is different from wanting to control the situation. Impatience is the desire to control.
To see something new in life (same people, things and situations included), you have to look without remembering things from the past.
In this world, the old leaves and the new emerges - plant, animal, human and the weather too. The world is always renewing itself. 
No relationship survives in an atmosphere of domination, mistrust and threats.
Why do we take sides in an argument instead of exploring the topic deeply?
A relationship will allow you to grow in strength only if there are great spaces between related people.
Happy is the man who has always given but never taken anything from anyone.
Why do we judge people when we don't like to be judged ourselves?
One person hurts another in so many ways, and the most common is betrayal of trust.
Why do we shield our own from punishment but insist on punishing another for the same offence?
Animals don't hurt one another, and they kill only when they are hungry. Only humans, the only species on earth, are capable of hurting one another. We have perfected it so much that we could inflict hurt in a million different ways.
Sensitive people rarely exhibit outbursts. They are mostly subdued and accommodating. 
Why do we see faults in another when we are blind to our own?
A retreat from the routine rejuvenates the body and mind. Once in a while get away from yourself.
Why do we willingly marry and then later struggle to be free from the bondage for the rest of our life?
Peace comes when there is no disturbance in the mind. Make peace with your pain in the heart for happiness to be.
Mind thinks and dominates, heart feels and respects.
Why do we pray and seek a particular outcome when we believe in the omniscience of the almighty?
Whether a spring or a person, a group or a nation, they will rebel when suppressed. 
Why do we stick to a belief when we readily condemn another's belief?
Most everybody goes through hell at some point in life. When you reconcile with your pain, your scars will heal.
Friction between two moving surfaces or between two people, it is because of rough edges on both sides. Work on the edges, not on the friction.
Why do we say that politicians are corrupt when we seek their help to overcome legal impediments?
What is it that remains the same in this ever-changing world? Belief, philosophy, actions and their consequences, ideology - these things continue. Actors die but their actions continue in some form or other.
Why do we want another to change when we resist change in ourself?
The world is like a quicksand: the more you struggle, the harder it is to get out. Our mind is the world inside, be still to gather strength. 
Suffering does not continue. It's the thought about suffering that continues.
Why do we ridicule actions and behaviour foreign to our own?
Pleasure and pain are two sides of the same coin. You can't have one without the other.  
The unreconciled past produces thoughts. Examine each thought as it arises to know its origin.
The world is as simple or as complex as our reactions to one another. We are changing the world at every instant through our reactions.
When I think of the world, I don't include myself. So it is with everyone. We are simply reacting to each other's view of the world.
Our tragedy is that we think it is me versus the world out there. 
Why do women dress provocatively and then later complain against abuse?
The other person is simply you with another name and form. 
Each one of us is reacting to the other - this is the world that we have built through our reactions.
Why do we want to talk more than we want to listen?
Be careful what you sow - colourful blooms or poisonous weeds. The mind is the soil of your self.
Why are we in such a rush to give advice?
A quality that you come to appreciate in yourself or someone you like, you are sure to condemn it in another whom you don't like. 
Helping each other, instead of turning against each other, is the only way if we have to live together in this brutal world.
To convince another of something is to not respect the other's point of view, however wrong it may seem to you.
Why do we justify anger in us and condemn in another?
To try to convince another almost always leads to an argument.
Why do we want more of anything - money, property, pleasure?
Sometimes we behave irrationally, illogically, and the best way to avoid such behaviour is to not justify it either to oneself or to another. 
Not the politician nor the dictator is the ruler, but hate is the real ruler among humans. Not in the plant or the animal kingdom, but hate has secured a throne in the hearts of humans.
I must meet all kinds of people to observe them and know them as much as possible and feel then as much as I can. I can't be like everyone, but I can vicariously feel how they live.
The moment I see someone at home or outside, I remember instantly the previous interaction. This remembrance, with its thoughts and feelings, guides the next interaction. It is the past meeting the present and shaping the future.
Don't you remember the last interaction when you see someone - your spouse, child, sibling or friend, anybody you know? Isn't it the past meeting the present and shaping the future? We are creating the future all the time!
Why do we marry one and eye another?
Don't you react to people according to how you have interacted with them the last time? It is the past, meeting the present and shaping the future. We are creating the future all the time!
There is no future that is not a continuation of the past. Otherwise, it is a miracle!
Why are we polite with strangers and not at all with familiar people?
If there is a principle that you would live and die for, let it be something that doesn't divide people.
Why do we love to dwell in the past, when the present is all we got? Nostalgia is the thief of the present moment.
Seek not to secure another's trust with empty promises. To betray is to kill softly.
Why do we denounce corruption and yet pretend to be honest?
No power on earth or in the heavens can save from the consequences of wrong actions. Karma is absolute and cannot be changed by prayers and so-called good works. 
We always suffer the consequences of wrong actions, but we think God is punishing us. Instead of prayers and so-called good works, understand the motive behind every action.
Men stoop to any level to acquire wealth. Alas, ends don't justify means. They leave the world more miserable than ever before.
Why do we get bored of the routine in life and yet resist the change when it comes?
Life is forever and insolent in youth. Long and arduous in middle age. Short and remorseful in old age. Other than fleeting joy and enduring pain, we haven't learnt to live and die happily.
Even in the so-called advanced culture, we aren't matured enough to live joyfully and die happily.
If you can love one, why can't you love another?
Knowledge and capacity help to live a better life, if the downside can be avoided: they breed arrogance.
Why do we like appreciation and dislike criticism?
Why are we told to be optimistic, to be positive, when sometimes the opposite happens and we despair?
Anyone can live any which way they like, just to bear in mind that actions have consequences that no prayer or sacrifice can help avoid.
Everybody has a formula or two to describe life, but life has no formula for anybody. You are free to be whatever you want to be.
It is best to stop complaining about things you have no control over and, instead, give your best every single time without excuses.
Compatibility between two persons is not about having the same likes and dislikes; it's about respecting each other's likes and dislikes.
To tolerate means to suppress one's dislike of something or someone, which produces impatience and strong reactions later.
To tolerate is to hide your feelings, which is hypocrisy. When you make peace with the feelings, they will no longer bother you.
Impatience saps energy and causes mistakes.
Why do we give so much importance to morals?
No matter where you work and choose who you live with, you have to deal with relationships. Our problems arise from our relationship to people in our life, things that we use and plants and animals around us.
Our problems end when we cease to exploit one another and nature.
Is it necessary to remember the wrongs done by another country decades ago, even when that country no longer bears any ill will now?
Your relationship is what you think about the person. 
In a pluralistic world that we live in today, is it important to seek and establish an identity that is exclusive?
What you think about a person defines your relationship with him or her. 
Your relationship to anyone or anything is as strong or as weak as your thoughts about that person or thing.
What you think about someone is your actual relationship with that person. 
Observe your thoughts about someone, anyone - parent, sibling, spouse, boss, friend, neighbour - that is your actual relationship with that person. 
No prayer or sacrifice will ever change your relationship. It will change only when you are no longer concerned only about yourself in a relationship.
What you are doing at this moment is not so important as how much aware you are of your surroundings. 
After active life almost everyone becomes wise, patient, good, exercising and feeling divinity in everything. 
Seek not to see the old in the new. Befriend the new and bury the old. Like the earth, life renews itself.
Be attentive to life, like a waiter at a table in a restaurant. Life will tell you what to do next.
Word is not sacred, nor the image of a god or a ritual. 
To live deeply and fully is to be aware of everyone and everything around you, even while you are doing something.
Success and failure are both sides of the same coin; let neither one ground you. Keep rolling on the edge of the coin, instead, giving your best.
Thought bounces from mind to mind, takes root in the soil of the mind if you allow, breeds similar thoughts and eventually becomes part of your personality.
The urge to control and dominate is an indication of insecurity. Stop predicting the future based on the past, and your fears and anxieties vanish.
Your relationship with a person or thing is never the same. What you think about them changes your relationship. 
Your thoughts about a person change from time to time. Your relationship is only in the present, 
To be self-critical without justification and self-condemnation is the path to renewal. 
There is no need to hurt people who have wronged you, because they are already paying the price. Action and its consequence follow like night and day.
What is the correct posture to sit, stand or walk?